DOC-3767 CENM Jira Setup: Jira User Privileges (#503)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/1.5/cenm/jira-setup.md

---

> # Jira Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Jira setup
```
we don't capitalize all words in titles

To integrate a Jira deployment with the CENM CSR/CRR approval workflow plugin, it must meet the requirements of the Identity Manager Certificate Signing Request (CSR)/Certificate Revocation Request (CRR) approval workflow.

## Configure projects and users

1. Create two `Process Management` projects: one for CSRs and one for CRRs. The final settings for both projects should look like this:

![jira 6](/en/images/jira-6.png "jira 6")

2. Create a user with permission to:
    * Create tickets
    * Change ticket statuses

3. Assign the user to the CSR and CRR projects.

4. Supply the user credentials to the [CENM identity manager configuration](identity-manager.html#jira-workflow).

> ## Project Workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure projects' workflow
```
It's a task, right? Not sure if you're configuring or just checking the projects' configuration though.

> Make sure that both projects (CSR and CRR) have this workflow configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the following workflow for both projects (CSR and CRR):
```
Use active voice. Unless you of course only just checking the projects' configuration.
